Name
	Vespa
Role
	Battlemage
Origin, Theme, Concept, Backstory, and References.
	Colony of wasps that was mutated by toxic waste.
Passive Ability
	Vespa's colony will mutate at certain level intervals. During mutation, an ability can be upgraded.
	Vespa grows in size, gaining health, armor, and magic resistance at the cost of movement speed.
	Bloated Wasp (Q)- Replaces Vespa's Q with a large wasp that explodes on contact with an enemy and will try to fly to targets after it reaches the end of its range.
	Full Assault (W)- The wall shot out by Vespa's W will remain at the end of it's range for a while, and can affect multiple enemies/allies. The wasps will also fly to the nearest target if they kill their current one.
	Hivemind (E)- Instead of becoming a mass of wasps, Vespa becomes a single large wasp. While in this form their abilities are replaced by stinger launch, a skillshot that grants vision on the target and allows Vespa to move faster towards them.
	Radiative Swarm (R)- The target of Vespa's ultimate deals damage to nearby teammates and after their movement speed decays the target is stunned.
Normal Abilities
	- Vespa launches out a fleet at the enemy. The fleet deals damage on impact as well as over time.
	- Vespa gathers wasps and launches a wall of wasps. On enemy champion hit, the wall will encompass the enemy, dealing damage and reducing resistances. If allies are hit, they gain a shield and movement speed. Ability will pass through allies.
	- Vespa sheds thier hive to move faster. In this form, Vespa will do damage on-contact, but all abilities will be disabled for the duration.
Ultimate Ability
	Vespa empties their hive and targets their colony onto a target champion. The target champion's movement speed slowly decays while taking damage over time. A percentage of the damage dealt is gained as health by Vespa.
Strengths
	High damage, significant survivability, good crowd-control, good chaining of abilities, good against marksmen and fighters.
Weaknesses, Counters, and Counterplay
	Short range, has abilities that are difficult to land, weak against assassins and tanks, weak against enemies with good sustain, long ability cooldowns.