Name: Shion, The Esoteric Swordsman

Concept and Role - Shion is a swordsman duelist. He wields two swords, but only uses the second in extreme circumstances.
Basically fighter with some teamfighting capability.

Origin and Theme - Shion hails from a planet that is very rudimentary compared to other planets.
They do not have technological or magical advancements like other planets.
However, the magic that they do possess is very strong for fighting.
Shion is an anomaly within his planet, as he combines breathing and magic to wield his sword.
He also is the only one on his planet to be able to cast different types of magic.
Inspired by Kimetsu No Yaiba and sword skills from various different places.


Passive Ability - Naturalistic Tempo
After using 3 abilities, Shion can cast an empowered ability with added dmg and effects.
Shion inceases his dmg by 2% when abilities are combo'd. Up to a combo of 5 peaking at 10%
Level 16: His ulti is empowered.


Q -  Combined Skill: Moon's Evening Palace
Shion slices once in a lightning fast motion
Deals a base dmg and depending on enemies max hp, does more dmg. (Up to 10% more dmg scaling with 0-1000 more max hp)
Empowered: Dashes behind enemy and does 25% more dmg.

W - Sword Magic: Depth impact
Shion impacts his opponent 2 times. Lowers armor in second hit
Empowered: Slows enemies for an amount

E - Breath of Nature: Spring's Grace
Shion swings his sword in a cone shape in front of him, dealing dmg.
Empowered: Sword roots for .5 seconds

R - Mark of Desperation
When Shion ultis, his abilities are always empowered, but takes 10% more dmg.
Also raises AD by 35%.

Empowered Ulti: Abilities are always empowered, gain 20% less cooldown in duration, raises AD by 40%, but takes 10% more dmg.

Weaknesses: His CC ability is literally negligible in a teamfighting setting as .5 isn't long at all. 
He does great in duels/ in lane. But has almost no teamfighting as his abilities are single target minus E.
Counterplay: Being able to position well in lane against him, also doesn't have much mobility.
This makes him susceptible to skill shots.
GLASS CANNON.