Controller
Assists allies with good utility and keeps enemies at bay with crowd control.
Strong: Ranged crowd-control, good disengage, good lockdown, good utility, great in teamfights.
Weak: Low damage, low durability, low mobility, weak when alone.

	Catcher
	Subclass of controller.
	Specialize in locking down opponents.
	Strong: Ranged crowd-control, good disengage, good lockdown, good utility, great in teamfights.
	Weak: Low damage, low durability, low mobility, weak when alone.

	Enchanter
	Subclass of controller.
	Amplifies allies' effectiveness by directly augmenting and protecting them.
	Strong: Great utility, great in teamfights.
	Weak: Low damage, low durability, low mobility, weak when alone.

Fighter ("Bruiser")
Good at dealing and taking damage.
Strong: Good sustained damage, good durability, good engage, good matchup into assassins and tanks.
Weak: Short range, bad disengage, easily kited, bad matchup into mages and marksmen.

	Diver
	Subclass of fighter.
	More mobile, less tanky fighters that excel at singling out high-priority targets.
	Strong: Good sustained damage, alright durability, good engage, good target selection.
	Weak: Short range, bad disengage.

	Juggernaut
	Subclass of fighter.
	Excels at both dealing and taking significant amounts of damage.
	Strong: Good sustained damage, good durability, good engage, good matchup into assassins and tanks.
	Weak: Short range, bad disengage, easily kited, no mobility, bad matchup into mages and marksmen.

Mage
Uses great reach and ability-based area-of-effect damage and crowd-control to trap and destroy opponents from a distance.
Strong: Long range, high damage, good crowd-control, good chaining of abilities, good against marksmen and fighters.
Weak: Low durability, has abilities that are difficult to land, weak against assassins and tanks, weak against enemies with good sustain.

	Artillery Mage
	Subclass of mage.
	Whittle down opponents over time over great distances.
	Strong: Long range, high damage, good crowd-control, good chaining of abilities, good against marksmen and fighters.
	Weak: Low durability, has abilities that are difficult to land, weak against assassins and tanks, weak against enemies with good sustain, terrible in close-range combat, no mobility.

	Battlemage ("Warlock")
	Subclass of mage.
	Get into the middle of fights to attack the entire enemy team with incredible sustained area damage.
	Strong: High damage, significant survivability, good crowd-control, good chaining of abilities, good against marksmen and fighters.
	Weak: Short range, has abilities that are difficult to land, weak against assassins and tanks, weak against enemies with good sustain, long ability cooldowns.

	Burst Mage
	Subclass of mages.
	Single out vulnerable enemies, lock them down, and destroy them.
	Strong: Long range, high damage, good crowd-control, good chaining of abilities, good against marksmen and fighters.
	Weak: Low durability, has abilities that are difficult to land, weak against assassins and tanks, weak against enemies with good sustain or any enemy who can withstand their initial damage.

Marksman
Ranged champions whose power revolves around basic attacks.
Strong: Long range, high sustained damage, high objective control, excellent scaling, strong matchup into fighters and tanks.
Weak: No crowd-control, no burst damage, low mobility, extremely vulnerable to burst damage, weak early, bad matchup into assassins and mages.

Slayer
Highly mobile champions who specialize in single-target burst damage. Epitome of high-risk, high-reward.
Strong: Good damage, very high mobility, good stealth, good at fighting targets who are alone, great matchup into mages and marksmen.
Weak: Low crowd-control, no disengage, low durability, bad matchup into high-durability opponents and enemies with shields, bad matchup into tanks and fighters.

	Assassin
	Subclass of slayer.
	Quickly kill high-priority targets, but must put themselves into danger in order to do so.
	Strong: High burst damage, very high mobility, good stealth, defensive tricks, good at fighting targets who are alone, great matchup into mages and marksmen.
	Weak: Low crowd-control, no disengage, low durability, bad matchup into high-durability opponents and enemies with shields, bad matchup into tanks and fighters.

	Skirmisher ("Duelist")
	Subclass of slayer.
	Uses situationally powerful defensive tools to survive fights and deal large sustained damage.
	Strong: High sustained damage, very high mobility, good stealth, good at fighting targets who are alone, great matchup into mages and marksmen, difficult to escape from, high survivability.
	Weak: Low crowd-control, no disengage, bad matchup into high-durability opponents and enemies with shields, bad matchup into tanks and fighters, falls quickly to high damage, easily kited by ranged enemies and crowd-control, cannot easily single-out high-priority targets.

Tank
Tough melee champions with very low damage but very high crowd-control. Purpose in fights is to disrupt the enemy team and divert their focus.
Strong: Very high durability, very high crowd-control, good engage, good disruption/diversion, good lockdown, good tools to increase defenses, great matchup into assassins and mages.
Weak: Melee, very low damage, low mobility, terrible in single combat, weak matchup into sustained damage from fighters and marksmen.

	Vanguard
	Subclass of tank.
	Offensive tanks that specialize at initiating fights.
	Strong: Very high durability, very high crowd-control, great engage, good disruption/diversion, good lockdown, good tools to increase defenses, great matchup into assassins and mages.
	Weak: Melee, very low damage, low mobility, terrible in single combat, weak matchup into sustained damage from fighters and marksmen, no disengage.

	Warden
	Subclass of tank.
	Defensive tanks that persistently lock down any enemies who try to pass them.
	Strong: Very high durability, very high crowd-control, great disengage, good disruption/diversion, good lockdown, good tools to increase defenses, great matchup into assassins and mages.
	Weak: Melee, very low damage, low mobility, terrible in single combat, weak matchup into sustained damage from fighters and marksmen, no engage.

Specialist
Any champion who does not fit into another category.
Strong: Champion specific.
Weak: Champion specific.