Tiradas "The Winds of Change"

		
Concept		A mage armed with the power of the sky itself. Tiradas is hopeful for the future if only because of his own ability, the spirit
		of the young boy he once was still alive within him. He believes in the good in people but isn't afraid to beat the evil out of
		them if he needs to. His auto attacks are little gusts of wind that fire out of his fingertips.
			

Backstory	Born a kid who looked to the sky, fated to watch, never to follow. Tiradas wanted nothing more than to feel the wind against his
		face as he soared above the people of his small town and explored the world beyond. However as he matured so did his dreams, 
		wanting to fly and be a force of good. The stories and the aftermath of the wars leaving him with little hope for the future. 
		As a teenager he decided that if no one else would, he would have to take it unto himself to learn the powers of the sky and
		become a beacon of hope for the future. Now a master of the wind, Tiradas has no alliances, but fights for the good of this
		world. Hoping one day the winds may blow clean again without the smell of death in their wake.


Passive		Oppressive Gust
		As Tiradas hit enemies with abilities he stacks Oppressive Gust onto them. When an enemy has 3 stacks, his next ability onto them
		will apply an additional effect.

		
Q		Gale Force Blast 
		Tiradas Launches a blast of wind from his chest, slightly knocking back the first enemy hit and damaging subsequent ones. 
		Enemies stacked with Oppressive Gale take bleed damage over the next 3 seconds.

		
W		Breath of Renewal
		Tiradas imbues himself with the powers of the sky, granting himself increased range and damage as well as allowing his autos to 
		stack Oppressive Gust. No effect onto stacked enemies


E		Targeted Vortex
		Tiradas summons a localized typhoon at a location, dealing damage to all enemies hit. Enemies with full stacks of Oppressive
		Gust are pulled to the center of the attack.


R		Winds of War
		Tiradas creates gales of piercing winds that he can fire off in three waves, each wave moving outwards as a semi circle with
		Tiradas being the center. Each wave applies a stack of Oppressive Gust and enemies with full stacks take are slowed, 
	

Strengths	High damage output,  decently short cooldowns, good teamfighter
		

Weaknesses	Very combo reliant, no movement, little cc