Name -  Captain Armstrong, The Old Captain

Playstyle - A standard and simple marksman to get players in to the game.



Passive - Focus Fire 
	  Armstrong will begin marking a enemy for attack after hitting an enemy 3 times they will be marked
	  for fire and will take bonus damage for a short time. Armstrong can keep firing to activate it again
	  refreshing the debuff (Example Press the Attack)

Q - Explosive Rounds
	  Armstrong buffs himself for a small window of time his attacks more damage and his auto attacks
	  have a AOE explosion.
W - Plasma Gernade Roll
	  Armstrong rolls a gernade on the floor exploding on the first emeny or after a enough time as gone by
	  (Armstrong can choose the landing spot and it will stay their til the time endes)
E - Head Shot
	  Passive Armstrong gains a Bonus Crit damage and his crits slow
R - Line of Sight 
	  Armstrong buffs himself with attack speed and bonus range for a few second

Strengths 
	Good damge, Using all his kit plus ult makes him great in teamfight, Great late game,
Weakness
	No Mobility, weak early game, Needs a team for peel, squishy
Counter play
	Focus him in a fight he should be easy picking for the assassins, Build armor items, pick him off before fights
	tanks can zone him from important targets

Backstory - Once the captain of the Steel Star the greatest ship in the solar system before he executed by
mutiny by the robot. He was sentence to be launched out the air lock but before he was sent off he snuck
himself a nano suit allowing the live in. As his air got near its end a mercenary ship found him and picked
him now with anger in his heart he wants to rally a team and reclaim the Steel Star.

Captain Strongarm, The Exiled Captain


Passive - Convergence and Enfeeble
          Armstrong applies marks to an enemy on basic attack.
          When an enemy has 3 marks, enemy will be enfeebled, taking 20% more damage.

Q -       Explosive Rounds
          Armstrong buffs his auto attacks for a duration. During this duration, Armstrong's AAs deal more damage and have an AoE explosion.
          10-50% DMG buff
          DMG buff is added to crit. EX. Level 1 Q with crit only does 210%.(No E factored in)
          AoE explosion does regular AA without buff dmg.

W -       Plasma Revolution           
          Armstrong rolls a grenade, detonating on first impact or as enough time passes by.
          75-375 AD + .4 AD.

E -       Head Shot
          Passively, Armstrong does 20% more crit dmg and gets 5-25% crit chance based on level of ability

R -       End of The Line
          Armstrong gains 30-50% AS(Can exceed AS limit) and gains 30% AA range.
